(POLICE DISPATCH CHATTER)
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROOSTER CROWS)
I give up.
What the hell are we doing here
and Why'd you call for a marked unit?
LKA in Percy Mackie's jacket.
Percy is...
Earl Brown's half-brother.
Brown's a secondary suspect
in the Christmas night shooting.
Primary suspect's gun is inadmissible
'cause you and Cappell shit the bed.
I know who Earl Brown is.
Pardon me if his half-brother's name
doesn't ring a bell.
Just do your fuckin' job, Detective.
That's all | ask.
That's not all you ask.
When your attorney friend's husband
offed himself,
you asked me to look the other way
and let her clean out his truck.
You remember that?
From where I'm sitting,
that pretty white shirt of yours
has got a little dirt on it, too.
-Let's go.
-I think I'll post here.
Fine.
Keep an eye on the door.
Put one of those uniforms around back.
-You can do that, can't you?
-We got you, Lieu.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(ROOSTER CROWS)
(MUSIC BLARING)
-Percy Mackie?
-All day.
-Mind if I come in?
-If you had the paper, you could.
-That how you want it to go?
-Suit yourself, big man.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
-Who's he?
-Just some boy.
I'm looking to speak
with your brother, Earl Brown.
I ain't seen that fool for weeks.
I don't associate with his kind no more.
-Truth.
-No?
That ain't me no more.
I'm in culinary school.
You, sit down.
-Hey, I said sit!
-(DOOR OPENS)
Oh, fuck.
(DOG BARKING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CHATTERING)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
-All right. Thanks, man.
-Sure.
(MUSIC PLAYING OVER STEREO)
What the hell is all that?
'58 Mercury Monterey records brochures.
Spring and fall lists, all releases.
What?
The opera's not there.
It's not in the fall releases.
It's not... Fuck, it's not there.
She's been telling you
she doesn't want to fund it, Davis.
Yeah, but I didn't...
I didn't think she'd have the balls
to tell me no.
Not, not for real.
-|t's her money.
-lt's my label, too!
She wouldn't be
in this business except for me.
Fuck!
My man, take solace.
DESIREE: Your company did the painting
and the landscaping on this house, right here.
And then y'all came
and tore the same house down.
Your sign was out front. Saw your trucks, too.
Yes, ma'am. Those were our trucks.
That's all you have to say?
You took money to fix up a house
and money to tear the same house down.
Actually, more than one.
We're contracted with the city.
They paid us to do
remediation and demolition,
sometimes on the same houses.
But the thing is, it was all legal.
-ls it right?
-ROB|NETTE: That's not for me to say, ma'am.
The city asked us to do one thing,
then they turned around
and asked us to do something else.
Well, Mr. Robinette, these photographs
are going up on our website
because what you all are doing to this city
needs to be known.
Can I see you in my office a minute?
Excuse me.
You seen those bitches?
They got shots of the houses, our signs...
I know. We look like shit.
We ain't do nothing
but what they told us to do.
Doesn't matter.
We don't want to be
the poster boys for this stuff
when we finally got better prospects
on the horizon.
The St. Bernard, the Lafitte,
the Jazz Center, all that matters.
This penny-ante NOAH bullshit
is down to the last scraps anyway, right?
-So what we tell them?
-Let me take care of this quick, partner.
-I got a plane to catch.
-Be my guest.
(CHUCKLES)
-Pop.
-You up early.
I thought you musicians slept in.
You up for all this?
It's a one-day pick-up job
before I start my next treatment.
'Cause you know I'm gonna be
flat on my back again
when that chemo kicks in.
(SIGHS)
I'm asking, can you do the work?
I will do it. I'm fine.
-Pop, you ain't got to be hustling like this.
-|dont?
-$20,000?
-So far.
They want you to come with me
to the next planning group meeting.
-They wanna meet you.
-20,000 for what, exactly?
Just what it says, consulting.
Consulting, huh?
What you got going on othenNise?
Playing a tribute tonight for Freddie Hubbard.
-Yeah. I heard Freddie was sick.
-Yeah.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Look, can you get that for me?
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(ENGINE STARTS)
-Please, call me Nelson.
-I remember you.
l have to say,
listening to you ladies talk,
seeing the work you've done...
Now you're about to make
some kind of excuse.
No excuse.
Everything ljust heard you say,
you're absolutely right.
We're out of the NOAH business
as of right now.
My partner and ljust talked it over.
And based on what you're telling us,
we don't want any part of it anymore.
What are you trying to tell us, Mr. Hidalgo?
That you didn't know
you were fixing up houses
and then tearing them down?
I'm telling you that we're contractors
and we did what we were told
on these houses and dozens of others.
We took the work
as it came to us, piecemeal.
We did what the city asked us to do.
And, yeah, we didn't give it much thought
into how it came out
or that some of the houses
we were working on
were some of the same ones
that later came down.
So that's why
we're no longer working for NOAH.
Also, I'd be happy to make
a monetary contribution to your cause.
Money doesn't fix it.
-We're trying to stop these demolitions.
-What do you want?
I want a list of the houses
that are scheduled to be torn down.
l have the addresses
that were assigned to us, sure.
And lwant the names
of all your contacts at NOAH,
whoever's in charge of this fiasco,
whoever you think might have what I need.
You ladies don't play, huh?
Ladies and gentlemen, I regret to inform you
that the opera est fini.
-Say what?
-What do you mean "regret"?
My vision has been strangled in the crib.
Look, the R&B opera dies.
Vulgarians hold the purse strings
and they just can't see it.
Meaning we're not gonna get one thin dime.
What you gonna do,
bury those tracks we cut?
DAVIS: Not exactly. I mean,
although the opera
won't be released in its entirety,
we're gonna pull a few recordings
and put them on a limited CD.
-What songs?
-We're still figuring that out.
Ha.
May I point out
that we still hold the rights to the opera.
You all own the masters and licensing.
So if I run into a backer
up the road, who knows?
-We may yet stage this thing.
-Davis, be real.
-At least we'll get paid for the session.
-(SCOFFS)
Right?
-I told you it was a bad idea.
-You were right.
But I was seriously considering filing
a formal complaint against Officer Wilson.
l have a daughter near your age.
He got close to her.
I thought you said you had people lined up
to talk about the dude.
l'm pulling them out of line.
It's too dangerous.
-But if no one comes fon/vard, then...
-Then no one will be hurt.
Wilson's got no boundaries.
I'm putting this on hold.
-For real?
-TON|: For the time being.
You've been through enough.
Ma'am, you can't imagine
what I've been through.
I told you, it'll take more
than one police officer
with attitude to give me pause.
I appreciate your cooperation, sir,
but I'm gonna let this simmer down.
Wait. Simmer down?
After you done got me fired up twice?
l shipped my daughter out of town.
That's how serious I feel this situation is.
So all that do-the-right-thing bullshit
you was preaching?
-He came after my family.
-We|come to our world.
You're right. I see that now.
So all of what you've done...
It's just gonna get put
in some drawer somewhere?
You're just gonna give up?
-If I can't protect my own...
-How much did you have?
Five brutality complaints,
all with some corroboration.
-All that's not enough?
-To convict a cop in New Orleans?
-Probably not.
-Well, what would be enough?
What takes this motherfucker off the streets?
-An eyewitness.
-An eyewitness?
Someone who was there
when he shoots Abreu or Seals.
Someone who puts the gun in Wilson's hand.
-Okay.
-Okay?
You've been holding out on me, Bernard?
(BELL RINGING)
Hey, Robert, I'll see you tomorrow night.
I'll be there.
-BOY: Hold it, girl.
-G|RL: Stop pushing.
ANTOINE: Hey, Jennifer! Jennifer!
You all right?
-'Cause I didn't hear no fire alarm.
-Gotta go, Mr. Batiste.
Have practice over at St. James.
Playing this Sunday with the Pinettes.
Yeah, all...
Just go, girl.
Hold on, Cherise.
Let me get a word with you.
What'd I do?
You tell me.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Parker. Hey, it's Everett.
I know. I said that I'd try not to call you.
I said I'd try, but we need to talk again, man.
Not on the phone, right.
Tomorrow, sure. When and where?
Okay.
Gene's on Elysian Fields. Yeah, I know it.
Uh-huh.
Pepto-Bismol-looking joint.
Right.
All right, man. Thanks. I'll see you then.
This is the first class of mine
you've made it to all week.
I know. I'm sorry.
I didn't sit you down for an apology.
I'm concerned is all.
I got no big drama to speak of, Mr. Batiste.
You know, just the same old stuff.
Actually, I don't know.
What's going on with you?
Your folks giving you trouble?
If they were around, they might.
-My father been gone.
-And where your mama at?
She got violated on a shoplifting charge.
She's gonna be in lock-up for a little bit.
I've been taking care of my little brother.
-Sounds like a handful.
-He's all boy.
By the time I pack him up, drag him out of
the house, and get him off to school,
I don't feel like doing nothing. I'm tired.
I can see it, but...
I don't want you giving up
on this music thing.
You got potential.
My sisters had potential.
They scored high on their tests,
but they never finished high school.
Coaches told my brother
he had potential, too,
that he could play college ball
if he stuck with it.
Ronald's still working towards his GED.
Everyone I know got potential.
I'm doing what I can now, Mr. Batiste.
(JUKEBOX PLAYING)
Thought I took care of you.
And here you are,
throwing a shadow across my door again.
-More noise complaints.
-What?
Excessive volume of music.
| book live acts in here.
See, you're trying to shut me down,
just like you did King Bolden's.
This town is about music.
Your neighbors say the music
is keeping them up all hours.
And I know exactly who they are, too.
I've been giving them $20 a night.
They came back over here asking for 30.
When I didn't give it up, they called you.
Ain't that right?
I am not privy to your arrangements
with your neighbors.
All I know is I got some more complaints,
and I'm here at the bar now.
-Paid in full, motherfucker.
-For now.
I'm going outside.
(CAR HORN HONKS)
(RADIO PLAYING)
John, John, bring the stick.
You flew in from New York for little ol' me?
Don't flatter yourself.
I've got a couple of prospects l'm chasing.
And that Freddie Hubbard event you're doing,
that could be a target-rich environment.
-Chris, let me get two more Turbodogs.
-You got it.
I wanted to get up with you now.
-Tonight's gonna be crazy.
-You about to fire me or something?
You can't get my hand
out of your pocket that easy.
(LAUGHS)
The thing is we got a European release
coming up for the CD.
And over there, a jazz recording
can actually sell
a few copies if you support it.
I can't go overseas right now.
Del, it's a week, maybe two.
A few key gigs, London, Amsterdam, Paris.
-I told you, my father's sick.
-I know it, and l empathize,
but the label needs help in Europe.
-I can't leave right now.
-Can't or won't?
This is a great city for music,
maybe the best in the world.
But it's a small stage with a low ceiling.
You saying I stay here,
my career's off the rails?
I'm saying you stay in New Orleans,
you're making a choice.
-Damn, you do go on.
-Just doing myjob, Del.
(LOUD CHATTER)
DEREK: Table four. Another Feeny freebie.
Friends of Tim. It's hard to turn the tables
when they show up in clumps like that.
Yeah. They'll be here a few hours.
And it will be comped, of course.
You think they're gonna tip old Derek
when Mr. Tim reaches for the tab?
Hell, no.
A Laurel and Hardy handshake is what I'd get.
A place like this just collects assholes.
Nature of the beast.
Same thing in the theater.
You do something nice, noble-like,
entertain a few folks,
bring a little light into the darkness,
and someone always drops
a big Cleveland steamer
in the punch bowl.
True.
But this punch bowl is mine.
(LINH'S FAMILY SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
(FAMILY LAUGHING)
What's so funny?
She wants to know
who your grandparents are.
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
(FAMILY LAUGHING)
-What is she saying?
-(FAM|LY LAUGHING)
She says you're not a flower prince.
Well, I could have told her that.
-What does that mean?
-She says you have worker's hands.
(SPEAKING VIETNAMESE)
-(FAM|LY LAUGHING)
-He said...
No, I can guess what he said.
TV ANNOUNCER:
It was before the attempted shot.
LSU went inbounds for the fresh 35.
Temple slaps the ball...
The boys are doing their homework.
I gotta get back to the bar.
-Sit down, baby. John'll cover for you.
-No, I can't sit.
What's going on with you?
Nothing, Larry.
Girl, don't tell me it's nothing.
How long I been knowing you?
I'm tired is all. Enjoy your game.
All right.
ANNIE: Ain't the river or the wind to blame
As everybody around here knows
Nothing holding back Pontchartrain
Except for a prayer and a promise's ghost
Just carry on digging our graves
ln solid marble above the ground
Maybe our bones will wash away
This city won't ever drown
This city won't ever die
Just as long as our heart beats strong
Like a second line steppin' high
Raising hell as we roll along
Gentilly to the Vieux Carré
Lower Nine, Central City, Uptown
Singing "Jock-a-mo fee na-ne"
This city won't ever drown
Doesn't matter 'cause there ain't no way
I'm ever gonna leave this town
This city won't wash away
This city won't ever drown
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome back home
Delmond Lambreaux,
all the way from New York City.
(APPLAUSE)
Thank you, Irvin.
This is for the great, great Freddie Hubbard.
Get well soon, brother.
MAN: One, two...
(BAND PLAYING)
(APPLAUSE)
Wash away
This city won't ever drown
-What do you think?
-lt's hot.
Getting hotter, too.
-Take a break, everyone.
-l'm gonna go get some air with the guys.
Hey, I'm filling this credit list out.
So on This City,
the songwriters are you and...
Who's H. Watt?
Harley Watt. He passed.
Your name first, then?
Harley's.
Don't be long.
We're paying for the time.
Hey, Del.
Glad to be playing with you tonight, man.
Hey, I heard you were working
with Liguori and Branson
on that Jazz Center plan.
-You know Will Branson?
-Yeah.
Let's just say we worked
on a plan to try to bring the Jazz Center
to the Hyatt hotel by City Hall.
-Been down that road.
-Yeah, I remember that.
-What happened with that?
-I went to school.
Learned about politics,
how it works and how it don't work.
-Damn, that bad?
-Well, maybe you'll have better luck.
I don't know.
This guy Branson came to one of my gigs.
I guess he liked the record
I put out with my father.
Asked me to consult on whatever
they're doing over at Armstrong Park.
It ain't like I can't use the money, you know?
-They rope you into anything yet?
-What you mean rope?
Look, you want to work with the people
making stuff happen,
then that's who they are.
But, well, you know how
we New Orleans people are
anytime somebody try to do some new shit.
What are we gonna play next set, man?
KAREN: Here's good.
These addresses you got
from that lady at NOAH,
I know how we got her name
from them other suckers,
but how'd you
get her to give up the whole damn list?
-I mean, what'd you have on her?
-Nothing.
| just asked her for the list.
Acted like I was interested
and asked her for all the addresses.
-And she just gave it to you?
-With a smile.
Guess she just wanted
to show me all the fine work
that NOAH was doing in New Orleans.
Okay, so what's the plan?
Knock on doors, talk to neighbors,
take photographs of the properties.
-And then?
-Hope for more hits, more attention.
I'll meet you back here.
(BUZZING)
-Colson.
-Hey, Dad, it's Jim.
Oh, hey.
How are you doing?
Mom told you?
No, no, no, no. No, I'm fine.
Oh, a bunch of...
A bunch of knuckleheads in a house.
One of them rabbited on me and the others...
They body-blocked me. It's no big deal.
No, ljust caught a...
Caught a couple of weak rights is all.
Oatmeal punches.
So...
Everything...
-Everything okay at school?
-Yeah.
-I love you, Dad.
-I love you, too.
Take care.
-Okay. Okay.
-(JlM SPEAKING lNDlSTlNCTLY)
Yeah, you'd better go.
-Bye,Dad.
-Bye.
-Can I help you with something?
-Maybe you can.
I'm trying to contact
the folks who own that house.
-What you selling?
-Nothing.
On my way to work, same as you.
Look here.
I can't see that small type.
It's a list of houses that are on public notice.
The city of New Orleans
is about to demolish them.
Says it's in danger of imminent collapse.
That house is on the list.
Look, there's nothing wrong with that house
that a carpenter and a little paint can't cure.
If I can contact the owner, he or she can file
an objection to stop the demolition.
But they only got 30 days to do it from the day
they post the legal notice.
What's in it for you?
-Not a damn thing.
-Then why are you bothering?
My mother's house got done the same way
they're gonna do this one.
You know how I can reach your neighbors?
They're having some difficulty now,
but they're trying to get home.
Will you give me
their number so I can talk to them?
Give me yours.
If they wanna call you, they will.
Fair enough.
(HlSSlNG)
MAN ON P.A.:
These guys have a very particular metabolism
that requires them to warm up,
eat a whole lot,
and then they can chase down things,
but only for a short distance.
They're much more adept at catching things...
Quite a spectacle.
Reminds me of a Louisiana State
highway contract being left for bid.
This is more dignified.
Why'd you pick this spot?
JAMES: lfl brought you into the field office,
I'd have to file a 302.
You know an NOPD
Lieutenant Terrence Colson?
Colson. I know the name.
Whatever it is, you don't seem happy about it.
About a year ago, he comes to my office
asking for two shell casings
I had in my possession.
They were connected
to a murder in the lberville
after the storm, a man named Seals.
How I got the casings
is a long story, but Terry...
Colson finds out l have the casings
and he comes to collect them for evidence.
I don't trust the NOPD with the evidence.
But he signs a receipt for them,
which I still have.
-Go on.
-A few weeks ago, I got a cityjudge
to release the Abreu and Seals files to me.
And in them, that,
which tells me one thing and one thing only...
Colson disappeared evidence
in a pair of murders
that likely involved the NOPD.
-You think so?
-Look, this isn't easy for me.
| used to think a lot of Terry Colson.
But he sent those casings
out to the Jeff Parish Ballistics Lab
knowing they weren't going to come back.
What, you're not going
to investigate this either?
What the fuck good are you people?
Would you read the report?
The report is bullshit.
Colson took one of the casings
you gave him and he lied,
claimed it came from
the Abreu crime scene when it never did.
Then he took the other casing you gave him
and he sent them both to Jeff Parish,
and he let everyone
on his shift know he was doing it.
-Why would he do that?
-It was bait, Toni.
He was baiting the rest of his shift
to see if they were dirty or not.
Terry wasn't up in Homicide a month
before he realizes
he doesn't know who he can trust.
He reads the files. He sees the bullshit.
He sees the reports,
the evidence gone missing.
And so he runs a little test.
And guess what?
One of your shells never got to Jeff Parish.
And so he knows what he's dealing with.
-How do you know all that?
-He told me a year ago.
Terry's been talking with you?
What, do you think you're
the only person in town wearing a white hat?
Thank Christ you came to me with this, Toni.
Anyone else,
and they might be writing Terry up
for a false report even as we speak.
And then I had to tell Al Johnson
and Robert Parker, all of them, that...
Everything I had promised them was bullshit.
You're still releasing the sampler.
-Me? No, I quit.
-Say what?
-Fuck the music industry.
-(ANNlE CHUCKLES)
No, I spit on it, Annie.
I piss on its grave.
No, I mean it. I quit.
That's the third beer talking.
-My mind is clear.
-(LAUGHS)
Third beer before lunch.
(SIGHS)
Really, Mom?
I'm out.
Yeah, thanks for all your support.
You always go with the hot sausage here?
- Here you do sausage.
-EVERETT: Right.
Liuzza's by the track
for barbecued shrimp, Parkway all around.
Boy, you are starting to go native.
Going batshit is more like it.
You wouldn't believe
the lies I'm being fed on this Glover thing.
Tell me.
Homeland Security,
their public affairs officer, major dickhead.
He gave me the business about Glover being
some kind of hard-ass career criminal,
except I've looked into Henry's background.
He's had a few bumps in his day,
but basically, he's straight.
That's the hand they decided to play?
NOPD, too.
If it comes to it,
they'll make this guy look like Willie Horton.
Stupid play, though.
Glover's history is easily verified.
They've got that figured out, too.
There is a Henry Glover down here,
a live one with a full rap sheet.
So if and when they get
called on their bullshit,
they'll just back up and say
they got the wrong guy.
That's way past cynical, man.
-The clock is ticking.
-I know.
I'm about to start writing my story.
-That's what I wanted to talk to you about.
-|t's time.
Yeah, but I've gotta give NOPD
a chance to respond to all this before I file.
If they "no comment," they "no comment."
But I wanna hit them
with everything, you know?
You got something
on the side of your face, brother.
That's what I like,
a young man who's where he says
he's gonna be, on time.
You playing tonight, too?
Oh, yeah, with Mr. Lionel Ferbos.
Ninety-six years young.
You're gonna see some history, son.
-I got no money on me.
-Neither do |.
Cab driver's trying to bankrupt a man.
(CHUCKLES)
MAN: And then he goes
and throws an interception
straight to R.W. McQuarters in the end zone.
These are the playoffs, Nelson.
I tell you, Tony Romo
is not the future for this franchise.
It's almost enough
to make a man a Saints fan.
(LAUGHS)
I don't know if I'd go that far.
This job you got, these "lah-fit" projects...
Lafitte. It's in the bag.
Straight from Washington.
The winning bid is coming to you
as soon as we can type it up.
ljust need an assurance from you
that you can take them down.
What are we talking about? Hitler's bunker?
Brick construction, terra cotta roofs,
real solid stuff. A lot of units.
Yeah, whatever.
I already had my people do a preliminary.
They said 12 million gets it done.
-Did you say 16?
-Straight from Washington, huh?
lt's federal money.
They can always print more.
Two more, darlin'.
(BAND PLAYING)
Kelly, how long on the pastas on table 12?
The water still has to boil, Chef.
Then get the water onto the big burner.
-Take the fish off.
-I got it, I got it.
-Oh, shit.
-Fuck me.
How many pastas left?
I thought we had five, but there's only three.
Sorry, Chef. l miscalculated.
Well, jump off to the baker's station,
do some filling.
Jacques, slide down and man that pot.
-You got this?
-Yeah. Go, go, go.
-Pick-up, table 20.
-WA|TER: Picking up, Chef.
-MAN: Hot pan coming around.
-PAUL: Coming down.
What the fuck is going on?
Chowhound has it up
as the best new dish in New Orleans.
We are drowning in this shit.
Yeah? Well, no one
can put it out right at this rate.
PAUL: Yeah, well. We're doing what we can.
-JANETTE: I'm not sure it's a good thing.
-Trust me, Chef,
this is not a good thing.
MAN: Order.
See, Mr. Ferbos,
he's the seniorjazz musician in New Orleans.
You've been gigging for what?
80-some odd years.
Yeah. In the beginning,
you were with those society jazz bands
at places like the Pelican Club,
if I'm not mistaken.
-Right?
And then came the Depression.
President Roosevelt gave me a job.
-You worked out at City Park, right?
-That's right.
-As a laborer, right?
See, Mr. Ferbos joined the WPA Band
as first trumpet.
Along the way, he became
a master tinsmith, too.
Never gave up on music, though.
You always play stuff like you did tonight?
You got it. Same way.
If there's one thing you could tell us,
what would it be?
There's something to be said
for doing one thing right.
(HORN HONKS)
Terry.
Nik.
Come on in.
Last ticket going out.
(YAWNS)
(PRINTER BUZZING)
Holy shit!
Forty orders of crawfish ravioli.
-Jesus.
-I used to like that dish.
-What are we gonna do?
-We can't take it off the menu.
It's become our signature.
Like it or not, the people come for it.
You don't want to disappoint them.
Fuck me.
| feel like I'm losing control of my own menu.
We're all gonna be taken
prisoner by that dish.
You watch.
It's a monster. lt'll kill us all.
I didn't sign up for this.
(SIGHS)
Can I get you anything?
A beer maybe.
I got water.
They really worked you over.
Oh, it's nothing.
Those cocksuckers, Silby and them.
Would it have been different
if you were there?
lwoulda had your back.
How the fuck can you ask me that?
'Cause I know, Nik.
Hardesty told me the word
is going around about me,
and you're the only one, the only guy
thatlconﬁdedin.
It was you who spread the word.
l'm friends with a lot of guys.
Luis Calderon is carrying
a mortgage and three kids.
He's a right guy.
-So you told Luis?
-That's right.
And he probably told some other guys, too.
We're not all dirty, Terry.
A lot of good guys
are going down because of what you're doing.
Well, if they're straight,
they've got nothing to worry about.
Bullshit!
You know good and goddamn well
as soon as the feds are up in our shit,
guys are gonna get caught up
for who knows what.
You should just leave the unit.
What you did can't be fixed.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SEAGULLS SCREECHING)
-Morning, Sonny.
-Morning.
I'm blessed to be here.
Yeah, me, too.
I mean in the US.
You know how this happened?
l was very lucky.
Many, many people tried
to come here from Vietnam
and did not make it.
(SIGHS)
They died on the sea.
You met Linh. You're very lucky, too.
Yeah. I understand.
(LAUGHS)
Love is easy.
Marriage is hard.
Very hard.
(BOAT ENGINE STARTS)
(BELL DINGING)
Tony King got this for you.
Full name, Henry Leon Glover.
He's currently employed
at a body shop down on St. Claude.
Back in New Orleans
from Angola a year before the storm.
Rap sheet goes on for four pages.
And he's three years older
than your Henry Glover.
Thanks.
Look, I've got a witness coming in.
He's likely to be pretty skittish, so,
I'm sorry, but I have to ask you
to clear out for a while.
As soon as | print this out, I'm gone.
I've got errands before the studio.
And what's going on for you today?
Me? I got nothing.
-Guys, enjoy.
-Thanks.
-L|GUOR|: Delmond.
-Mr. Lambreaux.
Thank you for meeting with us.
And you are?
Nelson Hidalgo. Nice to meet you, sir.
Nelson's one of our newest
partners on this venture.
We werejust telling Mr. Lambreaux
how excited we'd be
to feature some of his costumes
in the gallery at the Jazz Center.
Your last couple of suits
are just collecting dust at the house.
We should preserve them.
They're works of art.
They'll be on display long after we're all gone.
If the suits go to the center,
you folks gonna charge admission
for people to see them, right?
When the time comes,
we'll discuss the cost of acquiring your work.
Of course there'll be
some kind of compensation.
And for the wealth
of information you bring to the center as well.
People wanna know where
to find the Indians on Mardi Gras Day.
Well, this year we came out of Gigi's.
I don't suppose you folks know
where Gigi's might be located.
lt's off St. Bernard. Miss LaDonna, right?
Why did you go to Robideaux's that day?
To get some stuff,
things we needed like toilet paper.
I wasn't looting,
at least not more than we needed.
It's okay, man.
And when you went into the store,
was there anyone else inside the store?
A young white dude.
He was taking something off a shelf.
We didn't speak or nothing like that.
And what happened next?
I heard gunshots outside the place, shouting.
And then a couple of police come in.
I drop down behind a display rack,
but I could still see them
through spaces in the rack.
Their guns was out and they were agitated.
One of them, the white one,
said that they had been shot at.
One of the police officers
was white and the other was...
Wilson.
-Do you know him?
-Everyone knows him around the way.
Describe him.
Black, big with a bald head.
Go on. What'd you see?
Wilson saw the white dude and he tweaked.
Started yelling at the dude to get
down on the ground and all that.
And the white dude didn't do it.
Tried to explain himself instead.
He said, "I'm just getting some toothpaste."
And kept repeating it over and over.
And then Wilson holstered his gun
and pulled a different gun he had.
And he put it to the white dude's head.
And?
He shot that man dead.
-What did the white officer do?
-Nothing.
They stood there for a while
and watched the white dude bleed out.
And the white cop,
he kicked something across the floor.
Casing, probably.
Can't say what it was.
He kicked it and they left.
I stayed where l was
in that aisle for a good long time.
Till nearly dark.
And then I left.
Did you go near the body?
I took a last look at it.
Is this the man that was shot?
Could you answer verbally, please?
That's the man they killed.
Thank you, Mr. Brown.
(CHATTER, PHONES RINGING)
Sir, I'm gonna leave you with 27 questions
regarding the death of Henry Glover.
As you can see,
all the questions are clearly detailed.
My name's L.P. Everett.
I'm a reporter working
with ProPublica and The Nation.
My card and contact
information's stapled to that top sheet.
Do me a favor and sign that form right there,
which just indicates that these questions
were delivered to the NOPD on this date.
I'd appreciate it if you printed your name
below your signature.
I look fonNard to the New Orleans
Police Department's response.
Your reasoning?
The situation is untenable.
That's it?
I want a transfer because everyone in this unit
thinks that I've been talking to the FBI.
Have you been?
Yes.
Then your bed is made.
If you have a problem
with your fellow officers, deal with it.
Or quit.
(CHATTER STOPS)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
WOMAN: Do you have
any more scallops on your station?
Welcome to the Pastadome!
Twelve cooks in, one cook out.
Ordering.
Two oyster amuse, one ham,
followed by three crawfish ravioli,
one shrimp.
Ordering. Fire one pork,
three crawfish ravioli.
Ding, ding, ding! 45 and it's not even 8:00.
What did I tell you? Pay up, bitch!
(LAUGHING)
Hey, if you wanna bounce around
like a monkey,
go do it somewhere else.
I mean, are you here
to be the class clown or are you here to work?
-l'm here to work, Chef.
-So fuckin' work, then.
Dude.
DAVIS: Dude, though.
Hey, you got the...
You can't even hear her.
(KNOCKING)
You gotta bring up her vocals.
I can't even hear her in the mix.
I'm coming in. I'm coming in.
(DOOR OPENS)
Hey, boys, boys, boys.
Does he, does he know what he's doing?
-(MOUTHS WORDS)
-Maybe you'd better step out.
Hey, Professor, you're burying
the lady's vocals in the mix, okay?
So let me just fuckin' handle it,
because no one else...
-Hey! Hey, man. What the fuck?
-(MUS|C STOPS)
-|'m just changing the fuck...
-Get out of here. Get out of here.
All right, I'm out! I'm out!
-A little help?
-Now!
-DAV|S: All right, I'm gone. Fuck!
-MAN: Man.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
-Hey.
l was cleaning out my refrigerator
and I thought maybe
you could help me get rid of these.
I could drink a beer.
Does it hurt?
You should see the other guy.
-Really?
-No. No, he looks great.
So...
You wanna sit out on the lawn?
I can bring out a couple of chairs.
It's a nice night.
It certainly is.
(RINGING)
Yeah?
This is she.
Who is this?
What?
Who the fuck...
A man said somebody broke into Gigi's.
Door's wide open, he said.
-Who said?
-I don't know.
(GROANS)
Guess I need to go down there.
-Shit.
-Let me get dressed.
I'm driving, girl.
-Baby, maybe we'd better...
-l'm gonna call the police...
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Tell them to meet us down there. Yeah.
WOMAN ON TV:
Awfully, awfully nice, but different.
MAN: Well, how, how different?
Well, I've always known you were imposing,
but last night... And in spite of your cold,
the way you kissed me!
-(DlSTANT SlRENS WAlLlNG)
-Larry.
"But I'm stuck, but I'm stuck with the same...
"But I'm stuck with the same headphones...
"But I'm stuck with the same headphones
that we've use...
"We've used since the '90s!"
(DISTANT SIRENS WAILING)
Okay.
-(PLAY|NG)
-Fuck all of you bitches
I'm so sick of your shit
Y'all can't fire me, 'cause...
(SIRENS WAlLlNG)
(HORNS BLARING)
(PLAYING
THIS LITTLE LIGHT OF MINE)
(CAR HORN HONKS)
Annie.
Gig in Texas, Davis. I told you.
When are you coming home?
(KEYBOARD CLICKING)
Ma'am.
Quite a surprise.
Brought you some soup.
Mac and cheese, too.
-Comfort food.
-l'm not hungry now.
Maybe later.
l'm obliged.
You okay?
Just needed some quiet company.
(DIDN’T IT RAIN PLAYING)